Second Meeting With Hemma

Scribe: Cade Arriens


Members Present:
1. Rohan
2. Ludvig
3. Richard
4. John
5. Cade 
6. Ken
7. Henry
8. Sherilyn


GOAL:  Make recurring meeting time(make a whentomeet??)
1. Meet after discussion or lecture
2. Message in slack

# Last Week Recap
- Sherilyn thinks we did well, she likes meeting on monday/delegating tasks well
- Anything to improve? No
- John thinks slack is busy
- internal meeting? we want to have it right after this one.  We need to have everyone there.
- John made a good point about how it will get harder later in the semester with midterms ect

# Discussion 
- 2 types(first is on zoom from monday, second type is in person with quizes)
- QUIZ NEXT WEEK IN PERSON!!!
- zoom link in teams-hemma on CSE110 slack(#teams-hemma)

Slackbot?

# Next Week
- brainstorming(mid next week/early next week) should be in person.  how to break down our ideas: required basic functionality(sprint 1), sprint two are polished features,
- starting pitch should be ready for next time
- Remeber: we want to keep a clean record of issues and how we change our repo

# Project timeline
- week 4 and first half of week 5 will be what is above(design sprint)
- 5, 6, 7 are sprint 1

# Grading
- teamwork
- creative = EXTRA CREDIT
- keep the repo clean(issues, breanches) 
- product should have a unique feature, something to make it stand out to get an A(what he talked about in lecture is only a B)

# What Hemma thinks is important
- brainstorming is important
- who is going to use our app(college students, old people)?
- ect if you're a student(no time) they might want to meal prep over weekend, already know what you want
- vs if you have more time, you might want to enable searching for recepies based on ingredients 
- SUMMARY: do you want to target the general public? or smaller groups(eg athletes who have a diet, weight loss ect).  also important is where the recipies come from?
also explore how other websites do it.  

# Our Brainstorm
- we would probably never bring out a computer to cook
- HEMMA SAYS: it must be a web application, so think about making our website mobile friendly
+ jump to recipie, ingredients list
+ big letters(nice to read from far away) 
+ talk to us so we dont have to touch with dirty hands?
+ WHERE are we going to get our recipies from?(multiple sites, cookbook?)
- Fetch API?  => possible way to get our stuff
- take from other websites somehow
- where are the recipies stored?(local or remote) should we load them all/only some
- stories about each recipies? seasonal stuff? popular, trending ect
- should have an option to skip story if you know what you want to cook beforehand
- Henry sugjests adding estimated costs(but John noted things cost different ammount in dif places)
- also cant buy half a tomato
- ingredients checklist/strikethrough
- how are we going to store stuff?? (SQL, something)

# Concluding
- miro and figma tools for brainstorming/diagraming 
- NEXT WEEK: we need to have a pitch next week at discussion



# ALL GROUP BRAINSTORM
- re-pin whentomeet (Sherilyn)
- We want to have a hard deadline for our brainstorming session


# Personal Meeting Stuff
- John wants a co-lead
- make early time
