Third Meeting w/Hemma
- üìù Jonathan Bocanegra üêê

Members Present
- Rohan
- Cade
- Ken
- James
- Ludvig
- Jonathan

Goal: To review the brainstorm and go over updates

# Last Week Recap
-  We had brainstorms. One in person. One remotely.
-  Team Meeting times finalized to **Thursdays 12:30pm to 1:30pm**
-  Slack bot setup, we should be prompt by it every day



# Suggestions
- Designate a lead over the Miro board. It's great we have collaboration, but we should have a main person on it
- For the pitch
  - there is a link to a textbook in the assignment notes. it is strongly suggested we skim it prior to making pitch
- For the MiroBoard
  - there should be design artifacts on the miroboaard **DUE NEXT MONDAY 11/1/2021**
    - **User Personas**
      - at least 4
      - should me modeled after a user, either general or specific
      - should answer 'Who is the user?'
    - **User Stories**
      - these will be used to help us make features
      - be considerate of all potential use casees
    - **Feature Categorization**
      - Not only should we have a list of features, but we should have them cataegorized in terms 
        of core features, additional features, etc.
    - **Wireframe**
      - Shows the flows our website
      - It is strongly suggested to use **figma** 
      - Again everyone should be involved, but there should be a design lead
      - 
    - **Systems Diagram**
      - How each part of the webpage connects to the other
      - How our website interacts with the databse
      - Any diagram is okay, but we can use **UML**

# Comments
- The pitch assignment is due next week. We must present the pitch with Hema prior to any implementation.
- Consider how we will be using data...
  - Local Storage
  - Server Side Storage 
  - Where does Google Login fit into this?
