# Meeting Notes MVP Presentation
## Attendance 
- Ken
- Johnothan
- James
- Cade
- Angelina
- Henry
- Richard

## Agenda
- Demo(search and filters)
- Hemas comments

### OVERALL
- we need to make it look prettier
- More detailed planning.  IE we need to decide exactly what we are going to do for sprint 2(feel ok to drop stuff).  Let her know by late today or tommorow.

## Hema's comments
- We should have better commonunication between HTML and Style
- Filters (add more/complete) and where they will go
- Score? => we told her what it means
- Make the recipe card nicer?
- Qunatity of ingredients
- Home page recipes(how are we going to get them)
- Possible ways to organize => instead of stricly by HTML and CSS ect, organize by features and make tasks clearer.
- mindful of thanksgiving holidays.  dont have people not working with common dependencies
- sprint 2? what are we going to do.
- make a decision on the grocery list thing(hema thinks its going to be too hard)
- mobile friendly?
- try pair programming

## Wrap-Up
- next Monday.  More ADR(its not due until next week).  Have some people working on CI/CD pipeline(video and diagram/document).
- the next sprint review will be delayed
