# Group 21

## TA Meeting with Hema at 11/15/2021

### Attendance
**Present:** 
1. Cade
2. Sherilyn
3. James
4. Jonathan
5. Ken
6. Henry
7. Ludvig
   
**Absent:** 
1. Richard
2. Maggie
3. Rohan
4. Angelina

### Start Time and Place
- **Time (PDT): 1:00-2:00pm ** 
- **Place: CS 3217 ** 

### Updates <!-- Any updates that any members need to report -->
1. **Hema's Announcements**
   - **MVP due Monday, but set a hard deadline for Friday!**
   - **Team Status Video due Monday**
   - **Sprint Review & Retrospective**
   - All assignments are on canvas check them out
   - CICD
     - Deploying to Heroku?

**Notes:**
1. **CI/CD**
    - Linter and Code Quality Checker Implemented
    - Need to add Branch Protection Rules
2. **JavaScript**
     - Recipe Card and Recipe Viewer 
     - Need to be put together with CSS!
     - Hema: Filtering by Tags should be a necessary feature! Think about it!

**Taks:**
   - MVP Feature by Friday!
   - Team Status Video by next Monday!
   - Sprint Review and Retrospective

   
### Meeting End Time
- **Time (PDT): 2:00 pm** 

