# Group 21

## Sprint Retrospective at 11/18/2021

### Attendance
**Present:** 
1. Angelina Le
2. Sherilyn Kuo
3. Do (James) Kim
4. Jonathan Bocanegra-gomez
5. Ken Chen
6. Henry Nyugen
7. Ludvig Basmajyan
8. Richard Zhou
9. Yifan (Maggie) Hou
10. Rohan Sreedhar
  

**Absent:** 
1. Cade Arriens

### Start Time and Place
- **Time (PDT): 1:00-1:30pm ** 
- **Place: BLB 123 ** 

### What went well
- Good Psychological Safety in the group

### What was challenging and/or can be improved 
- Clearer assignment of tasks
- Hard getting all 11 people to meet up
- Members look for work instead of waiting to be told
- Everybody being on the same page: Major updates should be posted in #general chat in Slack!
- Clearer subgroups and assigning point of contact for each group!

**Record of team members speaking**
- Henry: its been eally hard to get all 11 people to meet up, so we need to re-evaluate to see how we can pace ourselves to finish up work to catch up and finish our project on time. We've also been up to a good start as everyone knows what they need to do.
- James: can be more proactive about looking for work instead of waiting for people to tell him or finding time to work things out
- jonathan: same as what ppl felt above, we need to double check the roadmap, we have good psychological safety within the group
- Sherilyn: need more defined-subgroups and sub team leaders for each group that talks to the other subteam leaders to keep the cohesion between the individual groups
- Ludvig: some of the people didn't know what was on the roadmap, so we have a bit of a communication issue.
- Angelina: we need to divide the work for the html more clearly


### Meeting End Time
- **Time (PDT): 1:30 pm** 

